>> Richard Feldman: So we've got these
different business logic rules and
we've got these tags representing
our different possibilities.
So we have YourFeed,
GlobalFeed, or TagFeed.
Each of these scenarios, we are logged
in or not and we have the active tab and
those are the sort of two pieces of
information we have to work with.
So the good part is,
we have a sort of single choice of truth.
We have exactly the information that we
need and we have no competing sources of
truth as to which tab is active or
whether or not we're logged in.
It's just these two right here.
So, in the event that we have
YourFeed as the active tab, we have,
we're already aware
that you are logged in.
We shouldn't have to deal with
a separate case of you're not logged in,
that shouldn't be able to come up.
In the actual version of this,
I simplified it a little bit for
the exercise, in the actual version of
this, we're using a cred inside this,
to make sure that you actually can't have
this without being logged in for sure.
In this case, theoretically,
that could come up, but for the purpose of
the exercise, we'll assume that it can't,
just like it can't in the real version.
Okay, so inside our tab, and YourFeed,
and we need to render something here.
So by default, we're rendering empty list.
But what we actually want to
render is a list of tabs.
So we have this thing called viewTab,
which is going to take a list
of attributes followed by a string
message tuple and return HTML message.
So how does that work?
Inside viewTab,
we have it's LI which is a nav-item and
it renders an A with sort of like
the nav-link for that particular thing.
So, how do we decide what to pass in for
this tuple?
Well, as it turns out, we have a list of
tuples right here that conveniently match
up with exactly the tabs that we have.
So YourFeed is a string of YourFeed,
followed by a tuple of the tuple together
with the appropriate message for what
should happen when you click YourFeed tab.
Same thing with GlobalFeed and
same thing with TagFeed.
So essentially what we're going to do,
is we're going to say viewTab, followed by
the particular tab that we want to view.
So for example, we might say viewTab and
then empty, array because we don't want
to specify any extra attributes there and
for the tuple here we might say, YourFeed.
That's going to give us back some HTML
message which we will then put inside
our list right here.
So, let's see what that does.
Okay.
Compiled it.
Whoops.
Didn't mean to refresh the slides but
we did.
Okay, so that's not doing anything yet
because when we have a viewTabs,
that's calling this here.
And we're not calling the yourTab
thing because we're not signed in.
So we need to sign up.
Okay.
Now I'm logged in and
we have this glorious YourFeed tab.
Excellent.
That is exactly what we wanted.
We also, according to business logic,
are supposed to render a GlobalFeed, so
let's put one of those in there too.
Oops.
>> Richard Feldman: What's
the problem there?
>> Richard Feldman: Oops, viewTag.
[LAUGH], wrong function,
I still want a name.
>> Richard Feldman: All right, so
now we have both of those, but
neither of them is rendering as active.
What's up with that?
Well, the problem there is fundamentally
that viewTab expects this attribute here,
to be passed in with a class of active
if it's going to be actually active.
And we're currently not passing
in any extra classes there.
>> Richard Feldman: So, there we go.
Now, we can see that
YourFeed is the active tab.
However, as soon as I click
GlobalFeed nothing good happens.
The tabs all disappear.
The reason for
that being, we don’t actually have
any logic in here for GlobalFeed.
But we know how a GlobalFeed
is supposed to work.
It’s supposed to work fundamentally
the same as YourFeed except of course
which one is selected should be different.
And this isn’t quite true because this
is assuming that we are logged in.
So in the logged in case, yes fair enough,
this is how it ought to work, and
this will now allow us to click back and
forth between the two.
But we do want to handle
this additional case of
what happens if we are not logged in?
We wanna show something
slightly different, so
we're gonna do a conditional here.
If is logged in,
then we're gonna do that, otherwise
we're not going to render YourFeed,
we're just going to render the GlobalFeed.
Okay, so now we can see that this logic
still works the same way as before.
But if I open this in incognito mode,
we only see the GlobalFeed.
We don't see YourFeed.
Okay, so far so good.
So we've handled each of those cases,
now we need to handle the TagFeed case.
Once again, TagFeed is going to have two
different branches, one for logged in and
one for not logged in.
And the only difference between
the two is going to be whether or
not your feed exists in the list.
So in both cases,
when you have the TagFeed,
not only do you only have a TagFeed
rendered when it's the active one,
according to our final
piece of business logic.
But we also have the rule that when
it's rendered, it's supposed to be last.
So we're going to put that at the end
there, and we're going to say,
viewTab
>> Richard Feldman: Class active,
and TagFeed, TagName.
>> Richard Feldman: Okay, and then that's
getting a little horizontally excessive,
so we'll start to organize these
more vertically like this.
Okay.
So now, we have YourFeed,
GlobalFeed and the active one being
the TagFeed with that particular TagName.
So TagFeed because each
TagFeed has a particular
tag that it's supposed to display,
takes that string as an argument.
So let's see how that looks.
So by default, no tags.
As soon as I pick one, bam,
now we have some tags.
As soon as I click back, the tags go away.
And last but not least, we have
the situation where we are not logged in,
which case it's the same as before,
but without the your feed option.
So GlobalFeed and now TagFeed.
So there we go, we have now successfully
enumerated all the possible states,
we have no additional sources of truth.
This is essentially immune from
the bug that we saw in the slides
where multiple tabs
are active at the same time.
Now granted, we could still induce
that bug by doing something like this.
That would produce way
too many GlobalFeeds.
We have certainly not ruled
out that possibility.
However, it's not as,
as much easier mistake to detect.
The problem with the other
one was that with so
many multiple sources of truth bugs,
it was a risk condition.
It only happened with certain
timing characteristics.
In this one,
if at least we're going to make a mistake,
it's always going to be a mistake.
It's not going to be based on
the particular timing of how you
happen to be clicking between these things
which is a much better place to be.